# Admin module of OntoBrAPI
This repo is a submodule of /forestbiotech-lab/ontobrapi it is the module that handles both curation of the triples that will be incorporated into the triple store along with the mapping of PPEO to the BrAPI call

serves on:
- /admin
- /admin/brapi

## Triple Store curation
This is yet to be implemented, but will contain the ability to validate submitted .nt files from users. The curator will have the job of determining weather it is appropriate to add this new file. 
- /admin/curation

## BrAPI 
Administration of the mapping of BrAPI call to the PPEO ontology. This page shows a list of the loaded graphs withing the triple store. The calls are currenlty only being performed on the chosen graph. The selection input element allows the definition of the from part of the SparQL query for the formulation of the BrAPI calls. It is currently stored along with the credentials to access the triple store. The file is changed each time the new graph is select and the graph is read before performing any calls. This ensures that the process is dynamic without the need to reload the server. 

The future prospect is to be able to import multiple graphs, stored locally in order to aggregate the multiple n-triple files that are generated by the users. This allows the administrator to select the graph that should be provided to the general users.

```owl 
<https://ontobrapi> rdf:type owl:ontology
<https://ontobrapi> owl:imports <local-graph>
```

- /admin/brapi

## Update calls
Service that scarps plantbreeding/BrAPI/specifications/ and grabs the call schemas

```bash
npm run update-calls
```


## Getting started
Make sure .config.json is correctly configured, install dependencies build frontend dependencies and run app.
```bash
    npm i
    npm run build
    npm start
```